# myPassion
### This is a website where you can learn and improve your passion for FREE!!. Follow your passion.

## Video Demo - https://youtu.be/uVGKc5lE6QM <br>
## Description: 
### This is a website where anyone around the world can come and learn for FREE any skill which excites them. They can learn their desired skill and gain knowledge on varied subjects. First, for enrolling in any course a user has to register in the website or if they already have an account they just need to login and after that they can enroll in any course and access any course material. For making search easier for finding their course releated to their interest a search box is provided in the Navbar. For resuming their enrolled course or to see all their enrolled course they can visit the profile page where they will be able to see all their enrolled courses. If the user has any problem releated to enrollment in any course or anything releated to course material or any problem releated to the website they can contact the team by using the contact form where they just need to type their name, email and the problem-message and the team will contact them through email. To view the course material user just need to click on the view material button and they will be able to see multiple chapters of the course and if they click on any chapter they will be able to read the chapter and there is also a video option where there could be a visual explanation releated to that specific chapter. There is also comment section where students can share their thoughts about the specific material or they can communicate with other students. When the user clicks on the post button to post the comment the webpage does not refresh because I have used javascript here, when page loads for the first time the javascript sends a request to the backend Django server and the backend Django server returns a list which contains all the comments on that particular course material and when the user posts a new comment the javascript sends a request to the backend Django server to add a new comment on this particular course material and after adding the new comment the Django server sends a new list of comments on that post and the javascript proccesses this list and updates the comment section on the users webpage without refreshing the webpage and after all this process is done the user is sent to the top of the page and shown a success message. And at last, the myPassion is a responsive website, which means it can be opened in a Tablet or Laptop or Personal Computer or mobile phone, for example, if a student is travelling and he/she can not carry his/her laptop or tablet or pc, he can access the course material from mobile and still keep learning while travelling and following his PASSION.

How to run my application ?
- pip install -r requirements.txt
- python manage.py makemigrations
- python manage.py migrate
- python manage.py runserver
